README.md, before:

## CueTimer API

### Protocol:
CueTimer has a TCP server that waits for a client connection on a default port (31601) and can be configured from the app settings. Once a connection is instantiated between the client and CueTimer it will continuously listen to the incoming messages from that client.
The commands should be sent as an ASCII string with `$` as a termination char at
the end of it (e.g. FireNext$).


### Commands:

 1. `FireNext`
 2. `CueNext`
 3. `CueCurrent`
 4. `Pause`
 5. `Restart`
 6. `Blackout`: Togglle blackout mode
 7. `AddMinute`: Add 1 minute.
 8. `SubMinute`: Subtract 1 minute.
 9. `AddSpeed`: Increase speed by 5%.
 10. `SubSpeed`: Decrease speed by 5%.
 11. `Fullscreen`: Togglle Fullscreen mode
 12. `NDI`: Togglle NDI
 13. `Message`: Togglle Message visibilty
 14. `Clock`: Toggle clock screen
 15. `MoveNextUp`: Move next indicator one row up
 16. `MoveNextDown`: Move next indicator one row down
 17. `FireTimerWithID`: Start a timer with its id, the id can be passed after `#`, example `FireTimerWithID#1$`, please note that `#` can't be used in timer ID
 18. `CueTimerWithID`: Move next indicator to a timer with its id, the id can be passed after `#`, example `CueTimerWithID#1$`, please note that `#` can't be used in timer ID
 19. `STM`: Togglle Single timer mode
 20. `SetDuration`: Set the duration of the active timer to the passed value, format `hh:mm:ss`, example `SetDuration#00:10:00$`
 21. `AddXMinutes`: Add minutes to the active timer, example `AddXMinutes#5$` will add 5 minutes
 22. `SubXMinutes`: Subtract minutes from the active timer, example `SubXMinutes#5$` will subtract 5 minutes
 23. `InitList`: Clear the whole list & Create a new timer which has the properties of the Default new timer

### Feedback:
Once the client is connected to CueTimer it will continuously receive info every 200ms. This will be JSON string that has a `$` as a termination char at the very end.

```JSON
{
  "h": "0",
  "m": "31",
  "s": "8",
  "fg": "#FFFFFFFF",
  "bg": "#FF696969",
  "speed": "100",
  "name": "",
  "endTime": "22:12:37",
  "Fullscreen": false,
  "NDI": false,
  "Message": false,
  "STM": false,
  "Clock": false,
  "Pause": false,
  "Blackout": false,
  "nextTimerName": "",
  "nextTimerDuration": "01:00:00",
  "scheduleOffset": "-00:05:01",
  "scheduleOffsetStatus": "Ahead",
  "timers": {
    "1": {
      "name": "",
      "duration": "00:10:00",
      "bg": "#000000"
    },
    "2": {
      "name": "",
      "duration": "01:00:00",
      "bg": "#FF0000"
    }
  }
}$
```


- `h`: hours 
- `m`: minutes 
- `s`: seconds 
- `fg`: Foreground color in ARGB format (send #FF000000 if user clicked blackout)
- `bg`: Background color in ARGB format (send #FF000000 if user clicked blackout)
- `speed`: The percentage speed
- `name`: Timer name
- `endTime`: in ["hh:mm:ss"] format. (send "" if it has no value).
- `Fullscreen`: State of Fullscreen mode (Boolean)
- `NDI`: State of  (Boolean)
- `Message`: State of Message visibility (Boolean)
- `STM`: State of Single timer mode (Boolean)
- `Clock`: State of Clock screen (Boolean)
- `Pause`: State of pause button (Boolean)
- `Blackout`: State of Blackout button (Boolean)
- `nextTimerName`
- `nextTimerDuration`
- `scheduleOffset`: shows the difference between the end-time in the current red timer, and the next start-time in format `hh:mm:ss`. It can be +ve or -ve
- `scheduleOffsetStatus`: These commands could be useful if you want to have specific behaviour when the show is delayed or ahead it can have one of the 3 values `Delayed`, `Ahead`, `NA`
- `timers`: name, duration & background of the timers in the list, please not that you will only receive data of timers having their IDs set to a value.

Commit message:

Added output windows on, off, and toggle support

README.md, after:

## CueTimer API

### Protocol:
CueTimer has a TCP server that waits for a client connection on a default port (31601) and can be configured from the app settings. Once a connection is instantiated between the client and CueTimer it will continuously listen to the incoming messages from that client.
The commands should be sent as an ASCII string with `$` as a termination char at
the end of it (e.g. FireNext$).


### Commands:

 1. `FireNext`
 2. `CueNext`
 3. `CueCurrent`
 4. `Pause`
 5. `Restart`
 6. `Blackout`: Togglle blackout mode
 7. `AddMinute`: Add 1 minute.
 8. `SubMinute`: Subtract 1 minute.
 9. `AddSpeed`: Increase speed by 5%.
 10. `SubSpeed`: Decrease speed by 5%.
 11. `Fullscreen`: Fullscreen mode
 12. `NDI`: Togglle NDI
 13. `Message`: Togglle Message visibilty
 14. `Clock`: Toggle clock screen
 15. `MoveNextUp`: Move next indicator one row up
 16. `MoveNextDown`: Move next indicator one row down
 17. `FireTimerWithID`: Start a timer with its id, the id can be passed after `#`, example `FireTimerWithID#1$`, please note that `#` can't be used in timer ID
 18. `CueTimerWithID`: Move next indicator to a timer with its id, the id can be passed after `#`, example `CueTimerWithID#1$`, please note that `#` can't be used in timer ID
 19. `STM`: Togglle Single timer mode
 20. `SetDuration`: Set the duration of the active timer to the passed value, format `hh:mm:ss`, example `SetDuration#00:10:00$`
 21. `AddXMinutes`: Add minutes to the active timer, example `AddXMinutes#5$` will add 5 minutes
 22. `SubXMinutes`: Subtract minutes from the active timer, example `SubXMinutes#5$` will subtract 5 minutes
 23. `InitList`: Clear the whole list & Create a new timer which has the properties of the Default new timer
 24. `Preview`: Preview mode
 25. `Presenter`: Presenter mode

#### Output windows commands notes:
- `Fullscreen`, `Preview`, and `Presenter` commands accept additional parameter that can be passed after `#`
- accepted values are (`toggle` | `on` | `off`)
- for backward backward compatibility, CueTimer also supports `undefined` and empty string as a value and they will act as toggle. 
- Examples: 
  - `Fullscreen#on$`
  - `Fullscreen#off$`
  - `Fullscreen#toggle$`, `Fullscreen$`, and `Fullscreen#undefined$` will act as toggle

### Feedback:
Once the client is connected to CueTimer it will continuously receive info every 200ms. This will be JSON string that has a `$` as a termination char at the very end.

```JSON
{
  "h": "0",
  "m": "31",
  "s": "8",
  "fg": "#FFFFFFFF",
  "bg": "#FF696969",
  "speed": "100",
  "name": "",
  "endTime": "22:12:37",
  "Fullscreen": false,
  "Preview": false,
  "Presenter": false,
  "NDI": false,
  "Message": false,
  "STM": false,
  "Clock": false,
  "Pause": false,
  "Blackout": false,
  "nextTimerName": "",
  "nextTimerDuration": "01:00:00",
  "scheduleOffset": "-00:05:01",
  "scheduleOffsetStatus": "Ahead",
  "timers": {
    "1": {
      "name": "",
      "duration": "00:10:00",
      "bg": "#000000"
    },
    "2": {
      "name": "",
      "duration": "01:00:00",
      "bg": "#FF0000"
    }
  }
}$
```


- `h`: hours 
- `m`: minutes 
- `s`: seconds 
- `fg`: Foreground color in ARGB format (send #FF000000 if user clicked blackout)
- `bg`: Background color in ARGB format (send #FF000000 if user clicked blackout)
- `speed`: The percentage speed
- `name`: Timer name
- `endTime`: in ["hh:mm:ss"] format. (send "" if it has no value).
- `Fullscreen`: State of Fullscreen mode (Boolean)
- `Preview`: State of Preview mode (Boolean)
- `Presenter`: State of Presenter mode (Boolean)
- `NDI`: State of  (Boolean)
- `Message`: State of Message visibility (Boolean)
- `STM`: State of Single timer mode (Boolean)
- `Clock`: State of Clock screen (Boolean)
- `Pause`: State of pause button (Boolean)
- `Blackout`: State of Blackout button (Boolean)
- `nextTimerName`
- `nextTimerDuration`
- `scheduleOffset`: shows the difference between the end-time in the current red timer, and the next start-time in format `hh:mm:ss`. It can be +ve or -ve
- `scheduleOffsetStatus`: These commands could be useful if you want to have specific behaviour when the show is delayed or ahead it can have one of the 3 values `Delayed`, `Ahead`, `NA`
- `timers`: name, duration & background of the timers in the list, please not that you will only receive data of timers having their IDs set to a value.
